hello and welcome to hardware rat in
this video the update is 700 euro
gaming computers may 2015
as processor an intel core i5 4460 with
4 x 3.2 gigahertz
he has a clock of 3.4 gigahertz 84
watt tdp an integrated graphics unit
and it will be delivered in the box version
that indicates a cooler is already there
Of course, this is achieved for all present ones
games off and should be for gamers
the next two to four years thick
suffice then as mainboard that it
rock b85 mp3 with the intel b85 chips
it has usb 3 s ata 34 ddr3 ram banks pci
express 3.0 a 5.1 sound chip and on
the connection volumes 212 vga dvi and hdmi
led integrated graphics unit of the
processors 4 x usb 2 x 2 usb 3 a lan
socket and 325 mm for the
sound chip as a working memory eight
gigabyte crucial ballistix board ddr3
1600 19 19 right afloat it is a through
it what you can call the dual channel
operate mode and eight gigabytes in the
time for gamers more than enough then than
ssd a 120gb kingston 300 it is one
normal fast ssd and 120 gb 3 s for
the operating system and all programs
as a hard disk a terabyte of
toshiba it is above average
fast hard disk and a terabyte
are loose for most of you
sufficient and as graphics card the three
gigabyte powercolor again 280 it is
one per beat of the version anyway
thanks to the big cooler, it should not
you should be too loud with her
then all current games on high
Settings can play as fluent
power supply the antec vpf with 450 watt 450
watt are for the pc more than enough to
So there's still room to upgrade
another dvd burner from samsung and as
housing the thermaltake werner h 25 es
has a 120 mm fan pre-installed
and room for long graphics cards on
Of course, the founder himself decide
which you wanted to take optional
pc will not assemble yourself
I also want him for 26 euro 90
let me thank you then
I watch the video I have
you liked it
if the video is older than two months
it will look the description there
click on the respective link
This is always up to date
version then until the next video